Mention cross-channel drama in catalyst.md (#156)
Libera-Chat/libera-chat.github.io: content/_guides/catalyst.md

You can always amend a lenient decision or concession in the future if there
is actually a need to do so.

## Avoid policing external behaviour

People are often part of multiple communities. They often behave differently
in each space, as various communities have their own cultures.

Confronting and punishing someone for behaviour that is happening somewhere
else often escalates something small into a bigger issue affecting more

> people. Situations where pre-emptive banning is a good idea are quite rare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
people. Pre-emptive banning is rarely a good idea.
```

I think this is less wordy but still gets the point across
